All right.
So we're gonna go ahead and
walk through the VOIP code,
the VOIP app code that we wrote up.
And let's get started.
This might be a little long, so sit tight.
And let's go ahead and begin.
All right, so right here, we just wrote
everything in one signal activity.
The VOIP activity.
It's not the best coding practice so maybe
someone can, or you guys can improve it by
implementing some kind of design pattern,
something like that.
Oh yeah, like I mentioned,
the app's pretty bare bones.
So what we have here, and
you guys see it later on, is this key is
sort of like an authorization password,
where since we have our username,
domain and password all hard
coded into the program so
it'll automatically log you in as that
user, every time you open or use the app.
We have a level of security,
thinks that it's key right here, so
it'll ask us what's
the authorization password and
if you get the wrong password it won't
make any calls so you won't have any kind
of people that will just be calling
others on your own account.
Let's see, go down here.
So onCreate is when
the app gets created so
we have all these buttons,
things like that.
You know, buttons, views.
All right so Make is where the magic
happens basically and here's a make.
This, the first thing we'll do is
check if your device has VOIP support.
Since we're gonna be using the Dragon
board, this should have VOIP supported, so
you don't need to worry about this,
but maybe you wanted
to use this program onto a different, say
an Android phone or something like that.
This'll make it so it'll check before
actually doing everything else and so
your app won't do some kind
of like weird crashes.
So right here we have a call
to the make the SipManager.
We'll go ahead scroll down.
It's pretty short.
See where is it?
Oh, right here.
So makeSipManager just checks
if the current managers null or
not and will create a new instance.
Instantiate it in the current app context.
And the next thing you do,
if you remember from above,
is we go right into
making the zip profile.
So it checks if there's a manager.
And then after that will just
try to make the profile.
So remember in the previous lesson, The
SipProfile.Builder will allow us to set
our username domain as
well as the password.
And it will create the account
after that we need to
set up the intent to receive calls.
Oh and do note,
if you guys don't quite totally understand
the explanation here,
there is a VOIP application or
Sip demo on the Android website.
So just Google Sip demo Android,
and you should be able to find it.
The code's a bit similar.
All right, so continue on.
We created the receiving intent, which
you'll see later why we'll need this.
Because without this you'll
only be able to send calls,
you won't be able to
actually take in any calls.
So remember we only created Profile, we
haven't actually registered it online, so
this where the manager will
create the registration listener.
And go on line, make sure you're console,
fine and dandy.
You have the,
it'll check if the user name, password and
domain combo is good or not.
Here we actually encounter
a bunch of problems and
it was because of a spotty
internet connection.
So make sure your internet connection is
pretty solid or this will tend to go into
the onRegistrationFailed and the app will
tell you that the login was unsuccessful.
All right, so after we finish making it,
your profile is all ready to go.
Let's head on back up here.
Yeah, so your profile is all ready to go.
So what we did was in this onClick
method we created two buttons,
like a regular phone, you have the make
call button and a end call button.
So when you make a call it'll
first check if you have
the correct authorization like I mentioned
before it checks if the key's correct.
And it'll check for we'll have a space
where you'll actually just add in
the username of the person
you want to call.
RIght now we have it so, right here, so
it takes in this, takes in the user name.
It'll create the,
it will use the zip profile builder to
create a zip profile for you to call.
Do note that right now
the SIpProfile.Builder
will only use the same
domain as your account.
Because everything is hardcoded so
everything will be on the Lync phone,
the free Lync phone sip services.
So, if you want to make your own make it,
you can change it, delete this,
do this domain right here.
Make sure when you type in.
You have to type in the whole entire
profile address so it could work.
Yeah, so then and after that you'll,
it'll just make the call.
You should be able to hear, and
speak into your Dragon board.
And on the other end,
you'll be able to hear your own voice,
you can talk back to yourself.
Cool things like that.
And then finally the incoming call.
So I mention earlier with
this intent right here,
the pending intent to make
sure you can receive calls.
We have this class down here
called the incoming call receiver.
This is where it'll handle the intents
when someone calls your Sip account.
So let's dive right into
the onRecieve method,
where we'll set up
a listener to the calls.
This class will use what I mentioned
before in the previous lesson,
the manager to take in the audio call.
And send the audio call back as
a sipaudio call for your main class.
So see right here in
the incoming call method.
So incoming call method
there's a couple checks.
If you're already in a call
you shouldn't get this call.
Maybe you don't want it like that.
Maybe you'd want call notification to see
if maybe there's a more important call.
Something like that.
Feel free to change it.
Remember this is pretty bare bones app and
then with that
the app will notify you that you have
an incoming call and you can choose
to accept or decline the call because
we also have something where here is.
Where it'll tell you who's calling you.
So maybe it's say, your mother in law.
I mean like,
oh I don't wanna talk to my mother in law.
So at least you'll know beforehand,
who's calling you.
And with that,
that basically covers the entire sip app.
You might not remember everything and
how everything interacts, but
I'm pretty sure you'll be able to see it
in better detail when we actually demo it.
And so we'll see you then.